hey folks you from Evolution unleash
back with another daily video cut and
all almost healed the joy of HD video
folks now today we're going to be
talking about image creation I've got
some free value for you in the form of a
del3 style guide it's going to help you
elevate your imagery and your content
game why is that important well before
we give you the free value and show you
this amazing guide that I've built for
you I want to tell you why you need to
be paying attention look we've been
saying for a year disruption is coming I
don't know how much louder I can ring
the bell folks ding ding ding ding dong
I feel like that town cry trying to warn
everybody disruption is coming but folks
it's not coming it's here last week I
showed you in a video uh CL laying off
700 staff and theyd have laid them off
uh because they have a chat bot that can
do their job better 2.3 million calls in
a month with uh collapse down the amount
of time it took to solve problems and
the satisfaction rating was the same so
how can you compete with that the simple
fact is you can't but check this out JP
Morgan another huge company JP Morgan
says it's AI cash flow software cut
human work by almost
90% holy heck that is a huge number now
imagine that through every industry
where every workflow is collapsed by 90%
And that's the future we're hitting into
now look humans are slow to ad
this disruption won't be as fast as we
think but it will Accelerate from here
because as these big companies see this
stuff they're going to start
implementing the solutions themselves
and that's going to have some kind of
downsides so what this community is all
about and what I keep ringing this Bell
is to help prepare you and give you the
skills you're going to need to either
pivot or adapt what you're doing in
order to not be one of those people
falling through the cracks and to
actually survive five now at the end of
the day folks I think AI is coming for
us all um you know that disruption is
going to be pretty impressive once AGI
comes out and it can do everything a
human can do intellectually and we're
not probably that far away when you see
how quickly these models are developing
Claude 3 actually jumped over
gp4 I'm sure open will be punching back
very very soon but uh we we're hitting
headlong into this AI era and the simple
fact is if it's going to come for us all
here's my strategy Outlast it's kind of
like Survivor Outlast outwit and so on
you know I want to be one of the last
that are disrupted so that by the time
it gets to me the solutions have already
been um uh thought through and
implemented uh or it was all for nothing
anyway uh I'm not a Doomer I think you
know this tool is going to have dramatic
impact on our society it will be a bit
messy but I think ultimately it's going
to be for the greater good especially
when people like you and I start using
it to create impact and real world value
anyway enough bell ringing let's go
upskill our content game so that at
least when we're creating content we can
uh Stand Out And the fact is AI
generated content is already here it is
a tsunami that's just going to grow as
these tools get better and more
accessible to people uh look I think a
short story company uh today announced
they were shutting down because they
were just getting absolutely and dated
with what they called rubbish AI
generated content and the simple fact is
folk most AI generated content is
rubbish and it's because people are
using it without the expertise behind it
to generate that deeper content which is
what we're trying to teach you here get
that edge you know I'm all about
maximizing my Edge with AI and that
means uh absolutely learning how to
drive these models and for me I'm a
content creator many of you will be
creating content or should at least know
how to create content in order to move
forward because content is what we
consume
daily anyway let's get into image
creation and show you a new skill so
what I've got for you
today is let's get it up there here it
is Unleash the Power of image styles
with Dy 3 it's a free guide and look
what it's going to show you is how to
use style to change your images and this
is important because when I started
using darly 3 um I was creating images
it was amazing I can create images now
you know I'm I'm not artistic I can't
paint but I have a very Vivid and
creative imagination and AI has given me
a tool to actually bring my Visions to
life but when I started using it my
images were very generic if you scroll
back to when Dary 3 first came out and
look at our content a lot of Blues a lot
of you know technical screens in the
background people sitting around a table
you see that same kind of generic style
now sort of proliferating so it's
important we know how to differentiate
our content because if we don't we're
just going to get lost in that tsunami
we need to stand Head and Shoulders
above it we need to maximize our Edge
Styles is one way you can do it so let's
go take a look at what we've got um so
basically we're teaching you how to
harness different styles to uh change
your images and this guide actually has
a 100 Styles which I'll show you more
that you can use to inspire yourself
okay so here's a table of cont
why does style matter making most of the
100 free Styles you can see these are
some categories I'll show you in a
second how to actually use this how do
you incorporate Styles into your
prompting so there's a bit of prompt
engineering training in here our tips
for using Styles effectively how to
blend styles to create real magic and
navigating text in D 3 we all know that
text is a problem I got a solution for
you that works probably 80% of the time
okay so look at that we've got Niche
Aesthetics art movements Technical and
texture and so on you can read this it's
free the links in the description or com
comments
below and uh yeah so this is going to
teach you what you need to know uh it's
very simple to get started I like to
make things easy you know how to add
Styles think about your subject what do
you want to make and then choose a style
this is where most people don't go they
just tell them what they want but they
don't give any direction to the AI in
terms of style it's the same with any
image generator and not just dly 3 by
the way style is how you create your
uniqueness so here's some examples that
I've included check this one out my
goodness so uh a majestic lion guarding
its Cubs on the African savan you see a
the style ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs
now you tell me let's zoom in just a
fraction oh that disappeared we'll zoom
in for these ones how amazing is that
image just stunning and it's going to
stand out it's going to catch people's
eye because it's different okay H Citys
scaping cyberpunk sky right so you can
see how different these images are
impressionism garden and impressionism
style so this is just a few of the
Styles you know that are
available um so here's the tips you know
start with inspiration mix and match
dials it's so much fun blend them you
can wait them there's so much you can do
and look as I've learned just experiment
try different things until you sort of
lock in your own unique style and then
you can just consistently create that
over and over again uh we talk about
Styles blending so rather than just use
one style when you add two uh it it
dramatically changes the output again so
here's an example imagine a vibrant
Street Market now if you did that by
itself you'd get a Street Market but
this one's alive with C characters
through the lens of pop art mixed with
the digital Aura of vapor wave and uh
this is what it gave us you you can even
go three or more Styles if you really
want to so here's a kind of a crazy one
envisage a dreamlike landscape where
melting Clarks andoss structures abound
and we're using three Styles surrealism
Vapor wave again and isometric and look
at that just absolutely crazy which was
what that image was meant to be uh we
have the workaround for navigating KX
and doy 3 um and a free YouTube video
that will actually walk you through it
so you've got the step by guide and then
you
have your 100 Styles Master list okay
and you've got Niche acidic so if you
use preppy you'll get clean cut lines
played Collegiate Vibes Cris past pastel
colors now you don't put the whole thing
in you just say add the style preppy or
Y2K or kawh or Cottage core Okay so
we've got art movements I'll just go
slowly so you can sort of see them as I
scroll Technical and textural and
inspired by
Nature light and Shadow genre inspired
these are fun by the way children's book
illustrations really cool cover art that
sort of stuff historic errors so we just
used the ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics
in our lion picture just for something a
bit odd I really like that picture
actually I'm probably post that
somewhere soon uh mood
focused technology inspired and literary
inspiration okay so look uh there's also
a whole bunch of free stuff that you can
get here as well so this is a guide well
worth having but look I need to get real
with you for a moment so let me just
scroll here so I'm going to read this to
you because it's important Step Beyond
the basics and unlock a world of
artistic Mastery actually I'm not going
to read it I'm going to tell you what it
is we've actually got a fuller guide
that goes well beyond Styles and look
let me just
uh have a heart to heart I put a post up
yesterday about someone very close to us
very active in this community who was
ripping off what we're doing pretty much
copying um my course copying my prompts
literally are taking my Concepts and
pretending they their own unique
Concepts and I you know folks with me
what you see is what you get I'm very
transparent you're going to see the ups
and downs of my journey I'm promised and
committed to transparency and I'm a
human I'm fible I'm I'm you know not
perfect so it did it it hurt
and I had a bit of a a long chat with
Chad GPT about this actually and before
I tell you the outcome of that I want to
thank those of you that just gave me so
much positive reinforcement and reminded
me what's important which is to focus on
the people that understand the value
we're doing get the vision that we're
here to help lift each other up in order
to uh avoid this disruption or at least
mitigate it somewhat we probably can't
avoid it completely but I wasn't
certainly doing this so you just rip me
off and make it your own so I really
appreciate the feedback really made me
feel good and as a result I had a little
bit of a thing and what's really
occurred to me is yep we give a lot of
value but you should see our VIP
community so from now on moving forward
we're still going to give the value here
like that freest style guide but I want
to show you what you get as a VIP if you
really want to go deeper and this is for
those of you that actually value what we
do here and can afford $9 a month
because it's very cheap our VIP
Community uh so here's what you get okay
so you get the full image mastery guide
with our patreon $9 a month and uh check
this out
folks um so there's a big table of
contents but we're talking about how to
be specific in your prompts there's a
lot more prompt Engineering in here
understanding the power of keywords
understanding art terms and how they
influence output uh the principles of
design so this is a really a much deeper
guide it's about three times longer as
well uh and has an extra uh 10 more
categories so you actually get double
the amount of styles in this guide here
as well and if you we'll just scroll
through real quick um but as you can see
for everything you've got examples so
there is a ton of examples that show you
how these all work like if you want to
like check that out isn't that an
amazing image my goodness um you know
this is how you want to be really
creative this is for those of you that
really want to master content if you're
a content creator this is going to be
incredible we talk more in detail about
style blending not just adding Styles
together but how to actually do it with
subtleness and how to weight them and
all that sort of thing oh check that out
isn't that amazing beautiful image so H
isn't that amazing
gosh um we look right down at your
prompt engineering your phrasing your
syntax so for example using Van Go as a
reference look at all the different
things you can do with Van go okay so
they're all van go but uh slightly
different uh using prompts as modifiers
so your setting for example your
character uh and so on um obviously
we've still got the
workarounds we also have a
troubleshooting guide here which is I
think quite cool so style confusion
fixes when you encounter unexpected
results and so on and some exercises
that will help you reinforce what I've
support you and by going through each of
these you're going to be utilizing a
broad range of styles and you're
probably going to start clicking as to
the sort of style you want for your
images uh and you get 200 Styles we've
seen the first 10 so let's go find the
next 10 so you can see what you're
getting literary Inspirations cinematic
architectural Inspirations cultural
expressions fantasy Realms one of my
favorite I use these a lot uh time
periods reimagined emotional Landscapes
experimental mediums some cool stuff
there sound visualization you should try
that one it's incredible uh Nature's
moods Artisan techniques like
traditional weaving yeah some cool stuff
here anyway so that is what we have for
you in our patreon and let me show you
our
patreon um so that you can let me just
zoom up so look I've already put this
free guide in here it is exclusive to
this community uh but we've got a cool
lot of other stuff in here as well let
me show you some of the cool stuff um
interested what runs cat GPT from a
prompt engineering perspective you'll
learn a lot about how opena conduct
their own prompt engineering from this
absolutely incredible uh you're going to
get my full custom instructions oh look
there's a some exclusive prompts in here
as well um so yeah here's my full custom
instructions this will blow your uh chat
GPT responses into another level and you
will never ever turn them off I promas
these are amazing uh and so on so look
custom GPT building guys we' got
everything in here folks and most of
this content in here is absolutely
exclusive so if you're up for $9 a month
and you want to get our best content
that's where you're going to find it and
that's how we're going to sort of stop
people ripping off our best content so
they want to rip us off they'll still
get the valuable free content uh but the
real deeper stuff is going to be hidden
behind that pay wall and I would like to
invite you to join so the Link's below
and uh yeah so folks lots of value today
I hope you found this uh interesting I
hope this inspires you to create much
better content because look you need
these skills let me ring that Bell one
more time learn AI it is the future and
the future is now so let me leave you
with that so that's it for today's video
folks I'd love to hear your thoughts
drop them down below and I'll see you
tomorrow with the next video
peace